# Works, letters and critical material relating to the poet Robert Bloomfield, 1766-1823
<p>This website incorporates material relating to the poet Robert Bloomfield, drawn from a number of pre-existing modern, scholarly sources. The edition of the Banks of Wye, and other editions of Bloomfield's poetry and prose were edited variously by Tim Fulford, John Goodridge and Sam Ward and were originally stand-alone web resources, as were Bloomfield's letters, edited by Tim Fulford and Lynda Pratt. The Newsletters of the Robert Bloomfield Society were originally in paper format and have, with permission, been scanned, OCRed, and corrected, for digital use. Pre-existing material has had minor alterations made to it to allow it to function in this static html environment. This present site was designed and constructed, with some additional textual material provided by Tim Fulford, in 2024/5, and was hosted for parts of 2025 at  Robert Bloomfield POET (1766-1823), ed. Tim Fulford and John Goodridge, with Sara Slinn, 2025. https://beddoes.dmu.ac.uk/BloomfieldPages/home.htm, before moving to Archevity in October 2025.</p>
<p>All of the material provided on these pages is in copyright. Here is how you can use it in your work, whether in print or online.</p>
<p><b>How to cite material from this website in your work:</b> </p>
<p>Citing poetry and prose material from the Collected Poetry and Prose section of this web resource: Robert Bloomfield's Collected Poetry and Prose, ed. Tim Fulford, John Goodridge and Sam Ward, in Robert Bloomfield POET (1766-1823), ed. Tim Fulford and John Goodridge, with Sara Slinn, 2025. https://archevity.gthub.io/RobertBloomfield/</p>
<p></p>Citing material from the Collected Letters of Robert Bloomfield and His Circle section of this web resource: The Collected Letters of Robert Bloomfield and his Circle, ed. Tim Fulford and Lynda Pratt, in Robert Bloomfield POET (1766-1823), ed. Tim Fulford and John Goodridge, with Sara Slinn, 2025. https://archevity.gthub.io/RobertBloomfield/</p>
<p></p>Citing material from the Critical Reflections section of this web resource: These should be cited by author and article title, e.g. Tim Burke, ‘The Poetry of Friendship: Robert Bloomfield, John Clare, and the Labouring-Class Tradition’, Robert Bloomfield POET (1766-1823), ed. Tim Fulford and John Goodridge, with Sara Slinn, 2025. https://archevity.gthub.io/RobertBloomfield/</p>
<p><b>Reusing and quoting from material from this website</p></b> </p>
<p><em>Fair Dealing</em></p>
<p>Fair dealing is legal exemption which allows the use of short quotations without permission from the copyright owner. It applies only to quotation used within works of criticism (eg. in academic work or critical journalism). Fair Dealing does not apply to any commercial use such as slogans, advertising or commercial publication, nor does it apply to reuse of prose or text for epigrams in books, or in publications for entertainment. Fair dealing is not defined specifically by the law, but is tested in court. For general guidance you can cite up to 400 words in a single extract or 800 words split over several extracts. Note, however, that Fair Dealing does not allow for the reproduction of more than about twenty five per cent of a poem, however short a poem it is. Publishers have varying definitions of Fair Dealing, so you are advised to ask your publisher if they require formal permission from the copyright owner.</p>
<p>This project is keen to encourage the use of our material, so please get in touch if you think your plans fall outside the Fair Dealing provisions.</p>
<p><em>Sometimes it is easier just to link to the original source. </em></p>p> If you want to reproduce a significant amount of text online, sometime it is simplest, and gives greatest intellectual transparency, to use a hyperlink that will guide your readers to the text in its original context, rather than copying it out on your own site. This helps readers avoid confusion about who the authors and copyright owners are.
